Fix typo in list initial data doc (#1879)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/guides/initial-data.md

};
```

You can achieve this setup by running the KeystoneJS CLI and selecting the `Starter` template.

> This method's primary use is intended towards initial seeding of databases or running manual migration scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is intended for initial seeding of databases or running migration scripts.
```
